family Good afternoon here we are
again How are you? I hope you're
having a fabulous afternoon and a
spectacular day. I don't really like uploading
videos so often one after the other,
but well, current events rule,
information rules and it's
that just when I was finishing publishing, I think the video that was uploaded a little while ago, they made two calls to me, okay, they made two calls to me, two different sources telling me the same thing and I think it's fair that I tell you all. Okay, yesterday they appeared on social media on another YouTube channel of a colleague
and I mean it. With all due respect
in the world and without attitude, but it's the
information that they gave me.
There, a photograph appeared that they
are Rolando today on social media on
Twitter they are Burning with this
photograph it is a photograph in which
Antonio David is having dinner and having a drink
after dinner with some friends.
Okay, in the photograph you can see a man next
to Antonio David and two women, one
who is standing and the other who is sitting
next to Antonio David, okay, what is
being speculated about, as you can already
imagine or surely you have seen it
on social media because on social media the truth is
that there are many Twitter accounts
as well  that they are like republishing the
photo speculating They are speculating if it is the
hairdresser not the supposed hairdresser
the so-called hairdresser that Marta would have
exploded in jealousy for on some occasion I do not
know if that hairdresser exists or not I have not
asked her yet but what they do
confirm is that the people in the
photograph the people with whom
Antonio David is having a drink and
dinner well, it is
a couple
friends of Antonio David
and a friend of Antonio David and then there is
the waitress that the waitress well takes
the photo because she is known she has
good vibes with these people she is not a
friend she is also a friend of
Antonio David and of these people no the
woman who is sitting next the woman
who is sitting next to Antonio
David well is the boy's partner who is
taking the photograph I
mean there is a boy who is taking the photo there is
a boy who is taking the
photo and she is his partner and then
the other girl the one who is standing well
is the waitress who is known by the group
of friends and takes the photo with them just because
because They are in a good
mood because they are having a good time
and that's what there is I mean it's not any
special friendship of Antonio David nor is she a
hairdresser nor
is that the only thing that is true is that she is a
very beautiful person okay And from what they
tell me from what they tell me okay this is
what they tell me okay I have not
asked for their ID from any of them I
was not there that night I have not
checked if they are friends if they are
married and in reality Antonio David is
being a Latin Lover out there at
night okay I'll tell you what they tell me
And the truth is that the person who
tells me is very direct okay this is the only thing
I can clarify
both Antonio David both Antonio David
and
the boy who is the boyfriend who is
the partner of the woman who appears in
the photograph are very angry with the
information okay so much so that well what they
tell me is that the boy the
boyfriend of this girl is super angry
trying to contact the person who
published this photograph
trying to ask her to rectify and
furthermore he is asking her very
forcefully and at the moment he is not
getting the response that he should
get and Antonio David Well apart from that is that
the photograph also belongs to
the  social networks of those people I don't know if it's
hers or his okay I should have
asked that no but
apparently it belongs to the
photograph to the social networks and on top of that it
is that when the photograph is published
a label is put up
warning all the media
warning the media not to
reproduce that photograph because it
belongs to the company or because
the photo is copyrighted and it turns out
that the photo belongs to the
social networks This is what they tell me I mean they have
even sent me
Who they are and so on okay I mean let's see
when you upload a video to YouTube
one thing the inside of a magazine of
course when the photograph is sold
a magazine and one thing is the inside of
the Magazine the inside of the magazine the
photograph of the inside of the magazine
are obviously protected and you
cannot take it in a YouTube video and
then expose it when they try to click on
YouTube videos people have to
know that when a YouTube channel is created
signature is that many times we
create and open the account and we do not
look at the terms but in the
terms of YouTube you accept that
people that there are third parties that can
use clips of your content and we
have talked about this many times when there has been
stress and things like that without
asking your permission, clips
of your content can be used, okay,
you give it to YouTube, you sign when
you create a channel, you sign those
terms, okay,
another thing that they broadcast a
complete live, a complete video, make a use
that is not legitimate, but for you to give
weight to what you are commenting on in a
news story or in a review, then
something else can be used, it would be a
photograph that belongs to you
if the photograph belongs to you
Then there it is copyrighted, there it is
copyrighted and if you do not
want anyone to use it, they do not
use it, okay, okay, but
what these people say is that it is good,
apart from the fact that they have laughed their asses off, what they
say is that they are very angry
trying to contact so that
this information is rectified, okay, they have
asked me to clarify it. I clarify it, the
only thing I can tell you is that I have not
asked for their ID, okay, I
was not with them that night there having dinner
and I do not know them, okay, then they can
tell me, host, well it's a lie, so
deceived. Okay, already  we'll see okay But
what they're telling me is that
the woman sitting there is the
partner of the guy taking the photo,
that the other woman standing is the
waitress and she puts herself in the photo because they're having a
good time and she's a friend, she's
known through their group of friends and that the
guy is really pissed off asking for
rectification and he doesn't receive it okay And
then on the other hand Antonio David
apparently would also be very
pissed off according to what they tell
me he would be very very very pissed off because this colleague I'm really giving it without any intention of doing anything or showing respect to anyone or anything but it's the information that they're giving to me and it's my job okay that Antonio David would be trying on several
occasions to contact to
deny other information and that he doesn't
and that they don't answer him okay that they don't answer him
and that he doesn't receive a response okay
That's the information on the other hand and I'm already
seeing that I'm reaching the 7
minutes and the other exclusive that I have
sent it I'll leave it for the night okay I'll
leave it for the night the other information
that I'm going to tell you later the other
information that I'm going to tell you later It's
about Marta risk okay And  it's
likely very likely also they send me
certain things I always ask for things
audio captures whatever okay it's very likely
that Marta risked
hiding something from us
and not only from us
but Antonio David
in 2021 okay family I'll tell you then
share the video give it a like and I
ask you again please
share and destroy the reupload that I
did to Frank Cuesta's live because
YouTube put an
age restriction on the original and it captured it and
screwed it up okay it's a job that I did
apart from in a rush because the
news was current I swallowed 800
documentaries and hardly slept to do
that live okay bye bye family
see you later then I'll comment on more things